0:
Do you employ individuals for high risk, short-term contracts?

800:
Does a high fatality rate go hand-in-hand with your line of work?

1600:
Do you drain your entire salary budget before the job gets done?

2400:
If you answered yes to any of the above questions, you should be talking with us.

3200:
"These guys were a God-send.  I would have lost more than my shirt had I not insisted on insuring all of my men."

4000:
"Ensuring that you'll still have a full work crew at the end of a job is so difficult in my line of work.  Without the help of Malleus, Incus and Stapes, I would have gone bankrupt long ago."

4800:
"The security that Malleus, Incus and Stapes provide is well worth the minimal insurance premiums."

5600:
"Whenever I put in a claim, Malleus, Incus and Stapes handle it with total professionalism. My claim is always processed with minimal fuss and my cash return is often back in my hands by the end of the very next day."

6400:
Hiring employees for short-term, high risk contracts can be a costly experience.  Most of your prospective employees insist on payment up front, which would be perfectly okay if you could guarantee that the employee will still be around long enough to complete the job. Is such a guarantee possible? Well, that's where we come in.

7200:
A working environment with a high fatality-rate can be a traumatic and costly situation. Buying an insurance policy against the life of your employees can ease the potential financial burden.

8000:
Reasonable and flexible premiums for every individual employee contract.

8800:
Equitable renewal premiums with every employee contract extension.

10400:
Quickly and efficiently handled claims - cash returns for lost labor due to an employee's accidental death.

11200:
Each time that you come to us to insure an employee, we request an insurance premium that will be automatically determined by:

12000:
the length of employment contract - the longer the contract, the higher the premium

12800:
the employee's age and health - the youthfulness and fitness level of the employee will lower your premium

13600:
the employee's training and experience - better trained and experienced employees will cost you less

14400:
When it comes time to renew your employment contract with an individual, we will automatically adjust our premium price based on the initial factors and on your performance as the director of the project.

15200:
Should the project be going well, with a low fatality rate, you can expect to pay less when renewing your insurance policy. But if it's quickly becoming a blood bath, we reserve the right to increase your premium or deny coverage outright.

16800:
Employment contracts must have at least 48 hours remaining to be insurable. All insurance policy sales are final.

17600:
You can rest assured, insuring your employees with us means you'll be able to get the job done at the lowest possible cost.  When an insured employee has a fatal accident, we will automatically provide you with a cash pay-out equal to the amount of wages paid for the days he is no longer available to work.

18400:
Had you hired an individual for a one week period, at $1,000 a day, and said individual passes away on day three, we will issue you a cash return of $4,000 for the four days of the contract he could not fulfill.

19200:
We reserve the right to investigate any suspicious claims.

20000:
Should there be grounds to believe that a claim is fraudulent in nature or the circumstances surrounding an employee's death seem suspicious, our private investigations team will assess the situation and determine whether or not a cash return ought to be issued.

20800:
Should such a situation arise, you will be given notification via email that there will be a delay in the payment of a claim, pending further investigation.

21600:
Please carefully review the insurance contract length and premium cost for each person.

22400:
Once satisfied, click on ACCEPT to purchase insurance for that individual.

23200:
Sorry, you cannot cancel a contract more than halfway through it. Please read the contract for more information.

24000:
Are you sure you want to cancel the contract?

24800:
Unfortunately, our records indicate you do not have any personnel in your employ who would qualify for insurance under our policies. Currently, our only agreement is with the A.I.M. organization and we cannot insure any non-affilliated personnel.

25600:
You do not have enough money to cover the purchase.

26400:
Currently, our policy restricts insurance coverage to A.I.M. personnel who have a minimum of 48 hours remaining contracted employment. Unfortunately, our records indicate that none of your personnel qualify in this respect.

27200:
One Hour Exclusion. Please note that no benefits will be paid when an insured mercenary dies within one hour of being insured, or dies within the first hour upon arrival in the country of conflict.

28000:
Further, no benefits will be paid if a mercenary's death can be attributed to a disease transmitted in a sexual fashion. Nor, will claims be honored for deaths that were caused by some known, or unknown, pre-existing condition.

