0:
You must be the new greenie goo collectors... I'm Brains, research head at Calisto. Ahem... Ah yeah, had some guys go missing recently, ahem... Her majesty gets a bit frisky sometimes, but you were told about the risks, right?

480:
We meet again. Small cellar.

960:
So here's the score. She's not always in residence; might be off dining at the palace or something, heh... If she is down there, a coupla tear gas grenades'll quiet her down. Approach cautiously, collect the green jelly goo, then run!

1440:
Boy, am I glad you guys showed up. It means I don't have to do anything dangerous.

1920:
No need for gifts. With the salary I'm paid, that's loose change.

2400:
Yeah, I know Brenda's uglier than a bulldog slammed by a double-decker bus, but wait 'till you meet Danubia's second queen! Must have missed some appointments at the beauty parlor, sheesh! Lucky I'm not married to her.

2880:
Hey, loosen up man. I got a full life ahead of me I want to enjoy.

3360:
Huh, and leave this? The jars, the diagnostic equipment, the computers?  Heck no, sorry.

3840:
Oooohh, I'm bleeding! Help! Aaahhh get me to Galileo hospital, need specialist care...

4320:
Lots to do. New batch of fallow sap just came in. Have to analyze it for purity. See you next time, bye.

4800:
Not now, lunatics shooting up the place. Are those guards on something, or what?

5280:
Crepaton, sure, I know all about it. The base formula was discovered by a guy called Jack Richards. The ingredients are all natural. Queen goo from her majesty, fallow tree sap flown in from Metavira, and a few exotic tropical plants.

5760:
Seems the fallow tree only grows on Metavira, all the other stuff is available locally, thanks to greenhouses. I think the queen is a hybrid ant mutated through exposure to toxic waste seeping down into the caves from an old factory.

6240:
Crepaton Corp. have plants in Calisto, Sheraton, Drake, Troy, and just bought an old factory in Galileo, converting it for production as we speak. Plan is to make and market as much Crepaton as possible before the patents expire.

6720:
Not that patents bother us, no competitor has access to our base ingredients. Probably cost a fortune to synthesize the chemicals, so we have a monopoly. That freakin' Doreen, jeez I sincerely hope she gets the flick soon. What a pain...

7200:
Crepaton operates a thriving business, shame the country's political situation has destabilized. Everyone wants a slice of the action. Be seeing you around... if you're carefull heh. First day's the worst... Or so I'm told.

7680:
You creep, I'm a skinny research guy wearing glasses.

8160:
 

8640:
 

9120:
 

