0:
Ah the Crepaton flick squad at last. Glad you guys are here. I'm Sparks, Brains' and Madlab's assistant. You been briefed on the mission yet? I tell you, this is one crazy place. It's voodoo, straight from a fifties B grade horror movie.

480:
About time, guys. Lets get with it.

960:
Some fruitcake in head office wants her majesty terminated! Reckons the queen is telepathically causing Madlab's robots to go on the rampage. Load of whacked out crap, but the email looks legit, so I gotta do it.

1440:
I been here for years soldering components on bread boards. I think I've been breathing too much lead for my own good.

1920:
Oh no, man. A one way ticket to remote faraway anywhere is what I need right now.

2400:
Crepaton has more of those things on Metavira, but this one seems to thrive on the leaking toxic waste. Plus, it's cheaper to collect goo locally, but if head office says she's too dangerous it's goodnight Brenda... Hahahaha!

2880:
Take it easy, save the aggro for her majesty.

3360:
Oh no, taking a long, long rest is the number one priority. Don't need any more excitement.

3840:
Yeowwh, I'm wounded!

4320:
That was it then? I bet you anything Madlab and Brains screwed up with the software. Telepathic control my arse! Shit, that's weirder than Area 51 conspiracy theories. Hmmm, I wonder if the rebels hacked HQ's server and sent the email... 

4800:
Not now, this is a combat zone.

5280:
Crepaton. Yeah Jack Richards discovered these huge ant things on Metavira. Size of a dog there, but this one has grown like crazy over the years. Produces enough goo to support our entire production needs on it's own. Shame to lose it.

5760:
Madlab skipped town after the robots went haywire. Seems HQ was going to send Morris and a couple 'staff liason' guys to have a chat so he decided to lie low. Yeah, they don't take kindly to mistakes or foulups, oddly enough.

6240:
I kept telling them we should avoid military contracts. Those armed security robots seemed a good idea on paper, but the current technology is far from perfect. All they consider is profits.

6720:
The robot friend-or-foe recognition programs and sensors are way short of cutting edge. Shit, those things shot up practically anything that moved in field trials. I wonder how they managed to get loose topside? Hmmm... Oh well.

7200:
If you come across Madlab anywhere, tell him to stay hidden and mention my name. Looks like the rebels might topple the regime, way things are going. He'll be safe after that. Sure is one heck of a wiz with electronics, that guy.

7680:
Hey no! No! No! I'm not on anyone's side.

8160:
I wouldn't spend too much time down here, that is, if you were thinking of ever having kids. Electromagnetic emissions can do that, you know.

8640:
 

9120:
 

9600:
 

