0:
This is quite the coincidence running into you here. I thought I had messed up good. And bingo, there you are in a whole other country. Well... call me John Kulba!

480:
Remember me? I remember you. John Kulba from Cleveland, Ohio. Gateway to the Great Lakes.

960:
What this place really needs is a beach. A beach with a boardwalk. That'll get ya the tourists nine times outta ten.

1440:
I hear they got snow here up in the mountains. Can you believe it? Maybe what they should be doing is opening up a ski hill. That'll put some money in the coffers. I should run for president or something.

1920:
Thanks, but with the insurance money I got from Mary's death there's nothing I need. I hit the jackpot!

2400:
This country looks about as messed up as Arulco. Don't tell me they got a woman in charge, too. I mean... Don't take that the wrong way, it's just an observation.

2880:
Idle your motor there, fella. There's no cause for excitement!

3360:
Ya can spot talent, that's for sure! But I got a heck of a story to tell. And I plan on telling it.

3840:
I caught one. Gonna need some medic working on me.

4320:
Think I'll check out the local tourist attractions for a bit. They must have some old rocks somewhere. Maybe, I'll bump into you again.

4800:
I don't remember you owing me any money, but if you say so.

5280:
That wasn't very smart, you know. I'm an American!

5760:
How's about we talk when it's safe. Seems like a good idea to me.

6240:
You won't regret it, I promise you that.

6720:
I was flying to Arulco to find ya when, believe this or not, I fell asleep on the plane, and missed the connecting flight to Drassen. Think I might have had too much complimentary beer and peanuts.

7200:
So, I ended up in Tracona. And the next flight to Drassen is in a week. I'm struck, trying to find a cab in a country that's got as many vehicles as Arulco. Maybe even two less...

7680:
When I got back to the U.S. of A. and starting thinking, I realized what it was that I always wanted to do. To be... a soldier of fortune. To be... the Commando from Cleveland, Ohio - Grunt from the Great Lakes.

8160:
Ahh then, tragedy struck. Mary was murdered in a home burglary. They took everything. Unfortunately, that woman never knew when to keep her opinions to herself. Uh, but don't worry about me...

8640:
I didn't lose a thing. Happened at her sister's place. Well, after her funeral, I started thinking again... and decided to go looking for ya. Booked my tickets direct from the airline this time, so there'd be no screw-ups.

9120:
Uh, also, I was getting kinda lonely without Mary around to talk my ear off. House seemed really... empty. So I said to myself: Self, this is your chance. I'll go back to Arulco and live out my dreams working with you.

9600:
Kinda figured, too, that if I were to die, I'd die in the same country as Mary. Of course, I'd expect to be buried in the U.S. of A. - that goes without saying, but I do want to be clear about it.

10080:
So, what do ya say? I was a sharpshooter in the reserves, you know. Even cleaned out my garage and brought down some pretty impressive weapons. I don't need any money... I got a good pension with the steel plant.

10560:
Nothing personal, honey, but I'll need to talk to the guy in charge. You must have some sort of squad leader guy around here telling ya what to do?

11040:
Thanks, pal. I was feeling kinda queasy.

11520:
You having a tough time, pal? I mean, am I with you or ain't I?

12000:
I end up hiking through the mountains on some old logging roads. Did get a lift part of the way on an ox cart. Kid was nice enough to tell me which way Arulco was... And next thing I know, bingo here you are...

