0:
Whoa! You one of those inspector guys? Let me tell you right off the bat that I run the most technologically advanced mine in all of Arulco. Built it from the ground up with stolen American technology. But it's all mine.

480:
You stalking me? You know, I keep a log of everything you do, so watch your step.

960:
Here's the thing. Other miners? They think they're better than me. Point is, I'm an innovative genius. Eventually, the Queen will recognize that, and I'll become Head of Head Miners.

1440:
I've taken up writing as a hobby, editorial writing on the other miners. Takes me about six hours a day to do the writing plus another hour to make up a few obscure references, but hey, I enjoy it.

1920:
No thanks. There's literally nothing you have that I need.

2400:
So, I been thinking. After this war is over, I'm interested in hiring you guys to do a job for me. Keep it between us. I want to take over... sh... Canada. I got me a little grudge to settle.

2880:
You obviously don't know who you're talking to! Calvin Barkmore! I will devote all my waking hours toward making your life a living hell if you continue to talk to me this way.

3360:
No, the last time I was recruited, it kinda pushed me over the edge.

3840:
Ugh! That which does not kill me makes me stronger.

4320:
Well, I'm a busy man. Everyone wants a moment of my time, so I'll be going.

4800:
Say, you didn't implant something while you were doing that, did you?

5280:
Are you crazy? Do you know how many push-ups I can do? Just you wait.

5760:
Oh, no... You're one of those mercenaries. I was in the Army once, full of dope-puffing socialists. You probably heard of me, Calvin Barkmore, broke every record they keep track of.

6240:
I suppose, since you're in charge, you'll want all the money. Leave me the crumbs you call salary. Well... I guess I got no choice! But one day I'm going to get my own mine, then you watch.

6720:
I realize it's hardly believable, but me and the team of men I hand-selected actually managed to dig out the whole mine. That's right, the whole mine. You probably won't be able to find an ounce of ore by week's end.

7200:
The mine's closed. There's someone's drug-induced version of monsters down there. The phallic-symbolled beasts are eating my men. Eating men, I tell you! It's an artsy-fartsy nightmare.

7680:
Come to think of it, where the hell have you been? You left me to single-handedly fend off an army. I had to throw the whole lot of them through windows. Don't you ever pull that stunt again.

8160:
Do your job, then maybe, if it's safe, we can actually converse like adults.

8640:
I know, you actually seem to be doing all right without me. But I tell you, if I had time and was on your team, this thing would be finished by now. I'm not one to let things drag on.

9120:
No need to thank me. I'm quite satisfied working for my meager salary, but I got everybody working faster and harder than any other mine. We are at maximum production.

9600:
You do realize I'm pretty much working alone and doing as much as any five miners combined. You want things to go any faster, you'll have to convince more people to work here.

10080:
Naturally, seeing how me and my team are the best darn miners in the world, we've already managed to clean out the whole mine. There's no ore left.

10560:
I had this coming to me. About time.

11040:
Look! Can't you get this right, you warped liberal dimwit? Those bung-holed monsters are back. Do I have to go down there and fix 'em once and for all myself?

11520:
Well, it appears the monsters are gone, and I am officially back in business. Frankly, I still suspect they were planted by the other head miners as a plot to subvert my obvious excellence.

