0:
Halt! Right, then... Identify yourself and the purpose of your presence.

480:
It's you. Right, then...what is it this time?

960:
Impressive. I was a Commander in the Royal Regimental Order of the Eastern Indian Elephant. I dare say, we slashed and burned a fair bit of jungle in those days.

1440:
Explosives. That was my speciality. I moved mountains with only tightly packed gunpowder and proper placement at my disposal. Put on a bloody loud show, if I remember correctly.

1920:
Keep your trinkets, then. I can't be bribed.

2400:
Have you ever been up the Nile? Right, then...didn't think so, then. Led a number of expeditions, myself. Nasty river that. Saw a man feed his peter to a school of piranhas once. Unintentionally, of course.

2880:
You have no idea who you are addressing, do you? Right, then, Colonel Frederick Biggens. I've started more wars than you've been in... And, I'll start another right here and now, if need be.

3360:
Never been recruited by anyone I wouldn't consider to be a peer.

3840:
This is most embarrassing. Lying here bleeding...slowly to death. Please look away, then. Right.

4320:
Move along. I am on duty here. No more time for idle chit chat. Though it was rather nice.

4800:
Right, then... A little something for a rainy day.

5280:
You weren't using your brain, so you'll be givin' it up, then.

5760:
No need to drag me into the middle of this.

6240:
All right, then. My only real allegiance is to Queen and country. This was, and is, entirely about pride and money, and you're paying more.

6720:
Rather hard to believe that a man of my experience and calibre would be delegated menial guard duty, don't you think? Borders damn near the level of an insult, I believe...

7200:
And I am hardly being paid for my qualifications. I bloody well wrote the book on explosives. Blew up half the jungle, I did. Sent the lions and tigers running toward the closest zoo with their tails in their particulars.

7680:
And they're benefitting from all this for a mere pittance in a currency I can't even pronounce. And I have yet to even mention the extensive training I have in night operations.

8160:
Don't seem right, I say. And, then to be put out here keeping an eye on a big hole in the earth. Can't say I see the logic in that. Gross under-utilization of a highly qualified resource, I'd say.

8640:
Right, then...You were warned, fairly. Time to pay your dues.

9120:
Jungle warfare is a right, then, nasty business. On an incursion across the Nigerian border, I once saw my scout swallowed by a python as he did his proper in the bushes...

9600:
Not five minutes pass, and an Anaconda slithers out of dense jungle grass and swallows the python... that swallowed my scout... who was doing his proper in the bushes. It truly is a jungle out there, indeed.

10080:
I joined on rather young. Starting out delivery Her Majesty's mail throughout North Africa when I was ten years of age. Or was it nine, then? No, right, then - at nine I was still at home tending to me ill mother.

10560:
I'm feeling a right bit better, then.

11040:
Right, then, that would leave the matter of compensation, now wouldn't it? You will have to better my current arrangement.

11520:
Well... I won't stand by and be insulted. You will die for your insolence!

12000:
Right... Stop right there, then. Won't be letting you go any further, I'm afraid. Do have a job to do, you're aware.

12480:
So what is it, then? Have you finally seen the light, and is it for the final time, I wonder. I guess you can count me in.

