0:
Hungarian-born Barry Unger went back to university after the Tracona campaign. But after tasting action, the classroom proved to be too quiet for him, so Barry jumped at the chance to join a UN minesweeping team clearing explosives from around Sarajevo. He was especially keen on the offer after accidentally blowing open a new entrance to the campus library.

1120:
Blood returned home from Tracona only to find that his family had been killed in a gangland turf war. He grabbed his knives and disappeared into the night. No one knows exactly what happened, but the local gangs now tell stories of some of their former members having forcibly made organ donations. The subsequent price on his head has made Blood more than amenable to working overseas.

2240:
After Buzz went on to marry a Texas billionaire, Lynx found his peace by taking up yoga. His new-found internal balance has allowed him to improve his skills almost across the board. Agency veterans claim he's now even better than Mike ever was. Sir Roberts is now a true A.I.M. legend.

3360:
After thoroughly enjoying pulping Kingpin's goons in the ring, Grizzly naturally got into professional boxing circuit. Although his ability with guns has somewhat atrophied, he is now in superb shape due to the intense physical training. Grizzly can still field-strip a heavy machine gun while having sex blindfolded, it's just that his aim has become a touch more 'indiscriminate'.

4480:
After Arulco, Vicki returned to her auto shop and her one true love, auto mechanics, where she found that the grunt work of keeping the grime out of the delicate parts of sniper rifles has worked miracles on her technical skills. She still keeps up with her training regimen, and occasionally takes apart her paired Automags just to keep her fingers warm.

5600:
Trevor found himself so bored with the civilian life that he squandered the small fortune he had charged A.I.M. on something a tad more interesting than the riding lawn mower his wife had wanted.  He built his own space rocket. But on its maiden test-flight he also failed to check in with the local aviation traffic control, and is now defending against a lawsuit after almost dropping a 747.

6720:
Helmut's career as a special ops heavy weapons expert with the German Army has proved so successful that they offered him a rank and a job as trainer. Colonel Helmut Grunther is currently enjoying his new-found career, and the rumor mill has it that he isn't so keen on putting his skin on the firing line anymore. 

7840:
What more can be said about a man who almost wrote the entire history of A.I.M.? Ivan's status among professionals is that of a living God. The sad truth of it is that Ivan never got the same recognition at home, where quitting the Army has left a large and ugly black mark on his record. Last we heard, he was earning his bread and butter as a taxi driver.

8960:
Substance abuse has left its mark on Steroid, and once back to the slow pace of civilian life he began to experience serious health problems. After successfully cleaning out his system in rehab, Steroid is now part of a goverment sponsored programme to discourage the widespread use of drugs amongst teens.

10080:
Dubbed by the grunts as the fastest rising star in the field of mercenary enterprise, Igor has since settled in Miami. While his job as a night guard at a veterinary clinic may be a little boring, it brings in enough cash that he can occasionally send some of it back home to help out his poverty stricken uncle.  Plus, he can always practice sneaking up on the cats.

11200:
After returning from Tracona, Kyle now makes his living training Navy Seals for night ops. Considered to be one of the most lethal men alive today, word has it that he personally 'serviced' some 45 enemies in one recent engagement in Afghanistan. Still, he has kept to his discrete way of living, and no one really knows all that much about him.

12320:
Ernie Spragg discovered private enterprise after his last campaign, and he is now leading a crew blasting tunnels somewhere in Europe.  Red has been recognised as one of the best in the business, especially after he managed to win a demolitions contest by bringing down an entire office building with only one case of TNT and two bottles of scotch.

13440:
Reaper went into business on his own as a professional 'exterminator', and now he's one of the best payed roof-top snipers in the branch. Somehow, he has managed to keep his record squeaky-clean, most likely by doing a little work on the side for a certain secret service. Deadly as they come, he will charge you a small fortune for his time.

14560:
Fidel seems to have worked a little on his personality, as he is now a highly praised member of the Cuban exile organisation in Miami. He is also gainfully employed part-time with the local police bomb squad, but most of the time you can find him wearing a leather mask and wrestling as 'Fidel Castrati' in some seedy bar south of Tijuanna.

15680:
After turning down a number of generous offers from three separate men's magazines to pose as a centerfold, Fox opened up her own aerobics gym. To no one's surprise, a huge number of male students have turned out and her business is flourishing.

16800:
Sydney's style has found him a career in Hollywood, where his British charm worked minor miracles on casting directors, and he managed to land a job as a stunt double in 'The Return of The Crazy Clown III'. Some would say throwing fake knives at faking frightened women in a fake circus isn't much of a gig, but he's ever the optimist.

17920:
Recurring health problems and old age have taken their toll on Gus, but the geezer is still far from retirement. While his back isn't as strong as it used to be, and he's slowed down a touch, Gus has diversified his skills and specialized in hostage negotiations. His experience and communication skills are widely appreciated by law enforcement agencies worldwide.

19040:
Jubilee has fought her way onto the team and has won the respect of all the male mercs. Of course, her resemblance to a well known, bouncy, busty, luscious action heroine had nothing to do with it. Absolutely nothing at all!

20160:
The Iceman has discovered a new passion after firing his first Dragunov. He has since emigrated to Russia, where he is employed with the Petersburg law enforcement so that he can happily fire off all manner of Russian made firearms with impunity. It doesn't pay much, and they have only given him an AK-47 to start off with, but he has high hopes.

21280:
Dr. Houston has never managed to overcome her fear of insects, and she was recently fired from her hospital job after using a .45 and a full clip to exterminate her namesake on the wall of the cardiology unit. Her lawyer has managed to keep her out of prison, but at a hefty price.

22400:
After his last tour, Cliff went back to the bottle and almost blew himself up in an incident involving a gas canister, some vodka, and an acetylene torch. Shaken, he turned himself in to rehab and found a new determination to rebuild his life. Currently he's doing volunteer work as a doctor for the homeless.

23520:
Bull is currently employed with a renown bodyguard agency, working for a well known rock star.  He has managed to aquire a huge notariety due to his habit of throwing intrusive fans off the stage. The stage diving enthusiasts absolutely love that.

24640:
The Hitman was hired as a technical advisor on a blockbuster software title by a large game company.  The free pizza and coke somehow worked miracles on his weight, and he still gets to do what he enjoys the most: fire guns and rattle on about all of their stats and characteristics in mind-numbingly gory detail.

25760:
Buzz got over some of her personal problems once she landed herself a sugar-daddy of an oil tycoon. They fell in love while she was working as his bodyguard. She is now running a non-profit organization offering free therapy to abandoned wifes and girlfriends.

26880:
Ron and Charlene were recently remarried and have since opened up a small gun shop together. Specializing in modifying hunting rifles, the two have won numerous awards for their customized weaponry.  On the side, Ron has made a name for himself teaching a firearms safety certification course.

28000:
Raven has remarried her love, Ron, and she is now touring the country showing off the qualities of the rifles customized in their very own gun shop. Her role as a doting wife has cooled her down some, so she doesn't enjoy staying out all night anymore.

29120:
Static went back to his bikes and has invested his money into a repair shop specializing in circumventing anti-theft devices on Harleys. His status amongst gangs like the Hell's Angels has consistently brought in a steady stream of customers, so Kirk has tried to maintain his bad-boy image by riding with sunglasses, day or night.

30240:
Len is close to a well earned retirement from active duty, and a job teaching new recruits.  An old war wound recently came back to haunt him and he hasn't fully recovered from the subsequent surgery. His doctors say his right shoulder will heal just fine so long as he doesn't do anything foolish like fire an automatic weapon off of it.

31360:
Danny took a course in NBC warfare and is now one of the US Army's top chemical weapons specialists. His training alongside the troops has greatly improved his combat ability, but it has also raised his fee expectations.

32480:
Magic has embarked on a career as a military trainer, and he is enjoying a much respected status in the business. His crash courses in applying stealth to specialized urban warfare have brought in a small fortune as world counter-terrorist agencies pay exorbitant sums to have their agents trained in his school.

33600:
Stephen Rothman is currently working with the D.E.A. in South America, teaching the locals how to fight against drug lords. His experience and skill with covert night operations is also widely respected, and is an asset to any team. 

34720:
Scully has managed to both wisely invest his paycheques and find a way to satisfy his love for bladed weapons by collecting and trading ancient Japanese swords.  Apparently, he has made such a huge fortune in them that he is thinking of putting his mercenary days behind him for good.

35840:
Jean Pierre got into a spot of trouble with police when he flashed a knife in front of an officer.  So he did some time in the cooler, where he reportedly tried to scalp another inmate with a plastic butterknife.  Out on parole, Malice really shouldn't leave the country, but he's willing to consider it if the price is right.

36960:
Doctor Huaong has been working very hard to improve his shooting skills, which have traditionally kept his salary low, and it seems that he has managed to pull it off. Now the good doctor is a much sought after field medic, and is a steal if you can catch him between jobs.

38080:
Edgar Smorth's career as a military explosives expert didn't go quite as smoothly as he had planned. His problems with tight spaces and his age caused him to fail a routine medical exam, and Nails has since returned to the open road with a veritable squadron of like-minded, if somewhat geriatric, bikers.

39200:
Thor's experiments with homeopathic medicine have finally brought him some long awaited recognition, and he's now teaching several classes at Berkeley while also picking up a fat weekly cheque from one of the local hospitals.

40320:
Her wide experience in urban warfare has allowed Scope to get back into the special forces as a counter-terrorist expert. She is now a Lt. Colonel and primarily trains British SAS marksmen in night operations.

41440:
Peter Sanderson has continued to keep himself in shape, and is now appreciated as a veteran soldier and night operations specialist.  He is still very much grateful to A.I.M. for the second chance to get back into action, and so he has steadfastly refused any pay raises.

42560:
MD did his best to brush off his unfortunate reputation as a piss-poor marksman, and in our estimation he has succeeded wonderfully. He is now most eager to show off his newly acquired skills and hopes to make a new name for himself.

43680:
One would think Meltdown would settle down after popping out a pair of twins.  Instead, Jessop kicked her well known determination into overdrive and worked out her forced inactivity by pumping iron at the local gym.

44800:
The Russian born Victor Kolesnikovserved in the Chechnian war in a Specnaz unit behind enemy lines and was left behind in the wilderness. Thanks to his special training he survived. Acknowledging that the free market offers far better payment for such atrained professional, he became a mercenary. He very often seeks solitude and does not speak any more than necessary.

45920:
Janno is a born Estonian with a German mother. He spent most of his time with the Russian military, working as a mechanic. He likes to cook for friends and enjoys the good life. He is top fit and a bear of a man, prefering heavy weapons.

47040:
Scream is a leader type, infectious to others. He is a joker, with a strange sense of humour. Like Janno Allik he originates from Estonia and has a German mother. His unhappy childhood in Siberia hardened him for life. Nightoperations and automatic weapons are his greatest strengths.

48160:
This professional is a former member of the GDR Folks army and originates from an old Prussian family. After the reunification of Germany, Henning began an extremely successful career as a mercenary. Early on he worked as an adviser in Cuba, now his experiences abroad are wide spread. Henning is an expert at any kind of fire arms.

49280:
The Belgian Luc Fabre has not really earned his nickname as he seems to be followed by bad luck. Fatherless childhood, many experiences. When someone tried to violate his little sister he accidently broke the persons neck. Unfortunately that guy was a high ranked police official, therefore Luc had go underground. He found his way to A.I.M., and we are glad to have him here.

50400:
The born Rumanian Laura Collin fled with her parents to Germany when she was still a child. Her parents worked for a human rights movement and were endangered of being persecuted. She studied medicine and came to the mercenary business through her partner Rudolf Steiger. She has become a capable field medic and a totally passionate mercenary.

51520:
Grace grew up in New Jersey and descends from an Italo/Hungarian acrobat family. Earlyon, she foiled her mother's plans for marriage. In her childhood she would rather play with her wild brothers instead of dolls. Her Italian soul expresses itself in her love for spaghetti and noodles of all variations.

52640:
This former GSG9 man has only one weakness... Dr. Laura Colin, who he met during a special training in L¨¹beck. He can shoot the nuts out of a squirrel's paws from 3 km. During his time at the GSG9 he worked as night operation trainer for the special forces.

53760:
The prim and proper Monica Sonderguard may seem to be an unlikely candidate for the rough and tumble mercenary life, but she more than meets the minimum requirements. Before settling on A.I.M., Buns explored a number of careers. She was a kindergarten teacher, geriatric nurse, Danish sharpshooter at the Atlanta Olympic games, and professional dirt bike racer.

800:
Barry excels at getting into things he shouldn't.

1920:
Blood is a little slow with firearms, but he's lethal with a knife in the dark.

3040:
Lynx spent a good portion of his spare time and money buying state-of-the-art electronic security systems and breaking into them.  He prefers working at night.

4160:
Fighting for cash has also raised his price up a notch or three.

5280:
Fighting the bugs in mines of Arulco has miraculously cured Vicki of her claustrophobia.  Either that, or it was the custom dartboard she's been practicing at.

6400:
To make a long story short, Trevor is as broke as he is available.  But he can still walk through locked doors without breaking stride.

7520:
Of course, that could just be a rumor. Maybe all he really needs is a 'Bitte, bitte, pretty bitte!'...

8640:
His dire finances make Ivan a great deal, despite his age.  Hire him before he starts mounting LMGs and rocket launchers behind his taxi's headlights!

9760:
Gontarski also works part-time with the Warsaw police bomb-squad.  He is toying with a sideline gig as a professional locksmith.

10880:
Igor's dream is to get the Russian 'I-Team' back into action.

12000:
His unique skills make him a precious... yeah... addition to any team.

13120:
Now older and wiser, Red is still his old, pessimistic self.  He spends way more time on the Internet than is good for him.

14240:
But he will always get the job done.

15360:
Police work has given Fidel a pass to the firing range for some much needed practice.

16480:
Fox also runs a kick-boxing gym, so don't get any funny ideas.

17600:
Sydney is also studying professional boxing in case Hollywood pans left instead of out.

18720:
Tarballs' physician has advised him against lifting heavy objects, but he still quite enjoys going out to his private target range with a sixpack of LAWs.

19840:
It turns out that Jubilee is very adept with either hand.  And if you've got the patience, she's willing to teach you a thing or two...

20960:
Unjamming an AK-47 is always a good exercise.  When not in the cage, he teaches his coworkers how to speak 'American'.

22080:
Spider has since found a new job as a cook with the Salvation Army.  She tries to keep a low profile, and prefers working at night.

23200:
Dr. Highball has since swore never to touch anything even remotely combustible.

24320:
His new job required an improvement in firearms handling, but Bull's true strength is still in manhandling.

25440:
After a weekend long LAN party, Hitman has found a new love in computers.

26560:
Unable to keep up her shooting skills, Garneau can still control a full-auto burst.  Her new motto is 'Size DOES matter', and prefers handling big guns.

27680:
Expenses incurred by the running of the gun shop have forced Raider to raise his rates.

28800:
All that gun practice has got to pay off, and Raven happily 'snipes' with a full auto burst.

29920:
Somewhere along the line Static discovered that he was a natural born leader with the biker babes.

31040:
Len can still fire anything that doesn't require two hands.

32160:
If you need a mean, lean, fighting machine who can heal himself, look no further.  The two-fisted doctor happily lays waste firing guns akimbo!

33280:
Much like the man himself, Magic's rates are also the stuff of legend!

34400:
On top of his abilities, Stephen took a crash course in drugs and medicine, and he makes a reasonable field medic.

35520:
But for old friends, Scully might be willing to provide a favor or two.

37760:
We recommend Dr. Q as an invaluable asset to any team.  A night-owl by nature, Dr. Q also possesses some great Kung-Fu!

38880:
Nails has also become pretty handy at breaking out of county jails. Cash-flow problems make him eager to work at very reasonable rates.

41120:
Scope's schedule is pretty tight, so don't call if you can't pony up the dough.

42240:
Sanderson recently completed a course in Tae Kwon Do.

43360:
For a man who just completed his internship, MD can certainly wield a mean scalpel.

44480:
Meltdown doesn't take kindly to 'baby in a blender' jokes.

45600:
He has a problem with his fellow Russian Ivan. Because of his experiences in Tschetschenia he is choosy about his clients.

46720:
Prefers to work together with fellow Estonian Vilde who he met while stationed in East Germany.

47840:
Happy to go where ever Janno Allik goes. Both men became mercenaries after the Russian withdrawal from East Germany.

48960:
He can't stand the New Age movement. That is why he don't like Thor.

50080:
This muscleman is a weapon on legs, especially trained in Close Quarter Combat.

51200:
On a training course for automatic weapons she developed a strong dislike for Buzz Garneau.

52320:
She brought knife throwing to perfection and as a young girl could already beat her brothers, driving her mother crazy.

53440:
His mode of expression leaves a lot to be desired.

