0:
Hungarian-born Unger is part of a new breed of explosive experts. He learned most of his trade the safe way - in a classroom. His studies included the theory behind incendiary devices, and the technical aspects of electronics and circuitry. He also took locksmithing and swimming courses, but failed the latter.

1120:
Whether it's jungle warfare or close-quartered combat, Blood Hanson is your man for the assignment. Trained in the martial arts, his ability to fling a combat knife into an enemy's neck is a sight to behold: it seems to come out of nowhere, sails an impossibly long distance, then slices through its target with unerring accuracy.

2240:
Rudy Roberts is one of the most dependable veteran sharpshooters in A.I.M.'s line-up. Wishing to expand on his already impressive resume, Lynx took various training courses in basic electronics, advanced mechanics, night operations, and first aid in a hostile environment.

3360:
A bear of a man, Grizzly Bornell carries the big guns of battle with authority. Even though heavy weapons are his specialty, he is just as lethal empty-handed. He's a soldier's soldier - all guts and no need for glory. Not surprisingly, his combat exploits are almost always the talk of the plane ride home.

4480:
Whether it's repairing a handgun or firing off automatic weapon bursts, the ambidextrous Victoria Waters works best with her hands. Aside from working for A.I.M., Vicki spends her spare time managing Vicki's Vintage Automobiles, her own restoration and antique car dealership.

5600:
Aussie whiz-kid and gadget-master Trevor Colby can turn a harmless toaster oven into a lethal weapon. He has extensive knowledge of explosives and a knack for opening doors. A practical joker at heart, Trevor takes as much delight in planning and setting a trap as he does in watching its perfect execution.

6720:
Helmut has moved through the ranks of this organization quicker than any other mercenary and is now firmly established as a seasoned professional. Grunty's attitude and approach continues to be exemplary, making him one of our most popular mercenaries.

7840:
Ivan, a former decorated Red Army Major, joined A.I.M. over three years ago. Despite serious difficulties communicating in English, he took the mercenary world by storm, breaking all kill-rate records and tallying up the kind of stats that perhaps only he himself is capable of breaking. Ivan himself says it best, "Gun, all gun, like finger on hand."

8960:
The transition from fighting fires to fire-fights has been quite the success for this ex-fireman from Warsaw. His knowledge of electronics kept the outdated and under-funded Polish firehouse running. And now, his eagle-eyed vision and pumped-up persistence are keeping his enemies on the run.

10080:
Following in his uncle's footsteps won't be easy for Igor. His uncle Ivan Dolvich is legendary. Though Igor may be new to A.I.M., he is by no means new to armed conflict. He perfected his stealth abilities while seeing intensive action in Chechnya. And did we mention Ivan Dolvich was his uncle? A bloodline simply impossible to ignore.

11200:
This ex-Ranger and sniper has turned stalking into an art form. Shadow could be lurking right next to you and you'd never know it. That snow drift, sand dune, shrub, or satellite dish could easily be this master of sneak. Kyle Simmons is a soldier who has made it his business to blend into any environment for any length of time.

12320:
This mad, mumbling Scotsman is from the old school of explosives where your instructors would fly by in pieces as you quickly moved up the ranks. Spragg is a survivor. With many years of experience under his wire cutters, he takes pride in teaching those military college kids a thing or two about detonation devices.

13440:
Otherwise known as The Assassin, if you come face-to-face with Sheppards, chances are you're about to take your last breath. Reaper takes pride in his patience. His silent stride and lockpicking skills make gaining access to his victims easy. On a personal note, Carl gets a kick out of spitting in their eyes just before they die.

14560:
Due to numerous employer complaints concerning his refusal to follow orders, Fidel "Leave me alone, I'm busy!" Dahan was recently suspended for a thirty-day period. Promising a much better attitude, he was returned to active duty due to his proficiency with firearms, his fists, and, last but not least, explosives.

15680:
Initially trained as an emergency room nurse, Fox Guzzman was recently featured in "Babes and Bullets," a prestigious monthly mercenary magazine. Her article on instructing medical personnel in the proper control of battlefield hemorrhaging was almost as highly praised as her centerfold layout. Rumor has it that Fox is equally skilled with both hands.

16800:
Whether it's sharing a spot of tea with British blue-bloods or putting a .38 slug into an unwanted nuisance, Sidney does it with poise and dignity. Nettleson combines the mannerisms of the upper crust with the lighting quickness of a Wild West gunslinger. Years of avid cricket-playing have also given him a much-feared throwing arm.

17920:
After rather heated negotiations, A.I.M. is pleased to announce that the legendary DFK annihilator, Gus Tarballs, is now a member of our ranks. Gus's induction was delayed slightly when his mobile home slipped from its support blocks while he was in the process of cleaning the septic hosing. Fortunately, his crushed right leg has healed rather nicely.

19040:
The prim and proper Monica Sonderguard may seem to be an unlikely candidate for the rough and tumble mercenary life, but she more than meets the minimum requirements. Before settling on A.I.M., Buns explored a number of careers. She was a kindergarten teacher, geriatric nurse, Danish sharpshooter at the Atlanta Olympic games, and professional dirt bike racer.

20160:
The Iceman is back. After a short yet disastrous stint with one of our competitors - and we use that term loosely - Ice gained insight and wisdom on the merits of dealing with a professional organization. Williams owes a debt of gratitude to his best friend Magic for getting him reinstated.

21280:
Military trained in the treatment of trauma, Doctor Houston is virtually unequaled in giving medical aid under the most adverse conditions. On the darkest nights or during the fiercest tropical storms, the wounded can count on Spider to provide quick, quiet, and effective emergency care.

22400:
Cliff's health has improved considerably since he gave up alcohol and put himself on a high-fiber diet. This is great news for potential employers since it's next to impossible to find doctors with Highball's efficient combination of marksmanship and medicine.

23520:
A massive man of very few words, John Peters prefers to let his actions speak for him. Despite his experience as a U.S. Army MP, he has a concerted lack of respect for authority and angers easily. In fact, he probably spent as much time IN the brig as he did guarding it. Bull is the type of soldier who puts the grunt back into grunt work.

24640:
The Hitman's easy-going and personable disposition has made him one of the more popular and respected mercenaries in the organization. Unfortunately, Frank hasn't been taking care himself lately and his health and skills have dropped off slightly. Despite repeated attempts, Hennessy has been unable to overcome his weight problem.

25760:
Buzz Garneau's life has undergone some major changes in the past year. She had a major falling out with Lynx; they can barely stand to be on the same planet, and her tell-all book, "Under Cover, Under Lynx," has been rejected by every publisher who's seen it. While all of this has left her bitter, she has been able to channel her anger into her work with firearms.

26880:
Lt. Ron Higgens is a former commander of the Los Angeles SWAT team. When he fell in love with his ace sniper, Raven, they managed to keep their relationship a secret up until a year ago. Once they decided to marry, the L.A.P.D. refused to allow them to continue working together, so they joined A.I.M.

28000:
Former L.A.P.D. SWAT team sharpshooter, Sgt. Charlene Higgens left the force for A.I.M. to work alongside her husband, Ron. They prefer to take assignments together since they operate with the precision of a solitary unit. Employers need not be overly concerned about nepotism however, as they rarely acknowledge their personal lives during work.

29120:
The years may go by, but Static barely seems to age. His lifestyle and laid-back nature allow Kirk to operate best under the cover of darkness. He has served his commanders well with his mechanical abilities and knowledge of electronics. And don't be deceived by his hippie looks, peace and love are the furthest things from his mind.

30240:
A career military man, Anderson was barely out of his teens when he first joined the Green Beret. After serving with distinction, he joined A.I.M. as one of its original members and fought alongside A.I.M.'s founders in the Battle for Angetta. Len is a strong leader; his tours of duty have earned him the respect and appreciation of many.

31360:
Doctor Danny Quinten is a mountaineer, skydiver, and mobile medical practitioner. During Operation Desert Storm, he earned a reputation for jumping out of helicopters to treat wounded soldiers that were lying out in the middle of the sandy mine fields. Even more remarkably, Danny wouldn't call in EVAC until the patient was well on his way to recovery.

32480:
Magic's calm, cool, and collected demeanor sets the tone for battle. In peak physical condition, he displays mouse-like movement and catlike agility. Magic can ferret out danger with astonishing acumen. And with his lethal marksmanship, he quickly and efficiently puts an end to any threat.

33600:
Don't let his blue eyes and pretty boy looks fool you, Rothman won't back away from the down and dirty. As a diamond mercenary and security consultant, he has protected some of the richest ore deposits in the world from thieving locals, rebels, and the competition. Some say that South America hasn't been quite as well-behaved since he left.

34720:
The amiable Scully Sullivan is a long-time A.I.M. member. He's one of our most distinguished mercenaries and perhaps the most respected among his peers. Sullivan currently leads A.I.M. with highest number of combat engagements in almost as many different countries. Need someone to snap the last breath from an undesirable? Sullivan's your man.

35840:
Jean Pierre may be a little rough around the edges, but he is extremely sharp with a blade in hand. He acquired most of his skills while working as the head doorman at a nightclub. Bar brawling and street fighting are definitely his strengths. Yet, La Malice seems to have found his calling with A.I.M., where he has honed his talents to exquisite perfection.

36960:
Doctor Huaong draws his medical knowledge from the many branches of ancient healing and modern medicine. His marksmanship may be a little poor, but Dr Q. has expertise in so many other disciplines - night operations, guerrilla warfare tactics, and martial arts - that he more than makes up for any weakness.

38080:
Edgar Smorth traded in his bike and badge to become a full-time A.I.M. mercenary. In the year he's been with the organization, Nails has exploited his knowledge about car bombs to become a military explosives expert. Despite his career change, he hasn't lost his combative edge or the substantial belly he developed as a renegade biker.

39200:
This vegetarian New Age healer has an amazing grasp of medicine for a man who's never seen the inside of a university med school. He also has a decent grasp for killing quickly and quietly. Born on outskirts of Berlin, he now calls California home where he lives in the mountains with his newborn son and ex-wife, Cassandra.

40320:
First off, a correction is in order: Sterling's previous bio mistakenly stated that she was a member of the British Special Forces when, in fact, no such service exists. She served with the British Special Air Service (SAS). A.I.M. regrets the error and any inconvenience it may have caused.

41440:
Peter Sanderson just returned from a six-month absence. He booked off on personal leave to take an intensive physical training program and various other courses to top-off his status as a jack-of-all-trades Having lost over forty pounds, he's in the best shape he's ever been in and A.I.M., as a result, has gladly renewed his membership.

42560:
Fresh out of med school, Doctor Dawson eagerly awaits his first assignment. His innocent and youthful appearance may prevent potential employers from taking him seriously, but rest assured: once he saves a couple of lives, he'll be shown the kind of respect he deserves.

43680:
Don't mess with Meltdown. She may be smiling in her file photo, but that smile is deceptive. This mercenary is legendary; an enemy once died at her feet from fear before Meltdown had even raised her weapon. As for her taste in weapons, the bigger, the better. In fact, Meltdown has a tendency for overkill in virtually every aspect of her life.

44800:
The Russian born Victor Kolesnikovserved in the Chechnian war in a Specnaz unit behind enemy lines and was left behind in the wilderness. Thanks to his special training he survived. Acknowledging that the free market offers far better payment for such atrained professional, he became a mercenary. He very often seeks solitude and does not speak any more than necessary.

45920:
Janno is a born Estonian with a German mother. He spent most of his time with the Russian military, working as a mechanic. He likes to cook for friends and enjoys the good life. He is top fit and a bear of a man, prefering heavy weapons.

47040:
Scream is a leader type, infectious to others. He is a joker, with a strange sense of humour. Like Janno Allik he originates from Estonia and has a German mother. His unhappy childhood in Siberia hardened him for life. Nightoperations and automatic weapons are his greatest strengths.

48160:
This professional is a former member of the GDR Folks army and originates from an old Prussian family. After the reunification of Germany, Henning began an extremely successful career as a mercenary. Early on he worked as an adviser in Cuba, now his experiences abroad are wide spread. Henning is an expert at any kind of fire arms.

49280:
The Belgian Luc Fabre has not really earned his nickname as he seems to be followed by bad luck. Fatherless childhood, many experiences. When someone tried to violate his little sister he accidently broke the persons neck. Unfortunately that guy was a high ranked police official, therefore Luc had go underground. He found his way to A.I.M., and we are glad to have him here.

50400:
The born Rumanian Laura Collin fled with her parents to Germany when she was still a child. Her parents worked for a human rights movement and were endangered of being persecuted. She studied medicine and came to the mercenary business through her partner Rudolf Steiger. She has become a capable field medic and a totally passionate mercenary.

51520:
Grace grew up in New Jersey and descends from an Italo/Hungarian acrobat family. Earlyon, she foiled her mother's plans for marriage. In her childhood she would rather play with her wild brothers instead of dolls. Her Italian soul expresses itself in her love for spaghetti and noodles of all variations.

52640:
This former GSG9 man has only one weakness... Dr. Laura Colin, who he met during a special training in L¨¹beck. He can shoot the nuts out of a squirrel's paws from 3 km. During his time at the GSG9 he worked as night operation trainer for the special forces.

53760:
 

1920:
Keith Hanson is a former member of the ANC.

3040:
Lynx asks that he not be placed on assignment with Buzz Garneau.

5280:
Despite constant teasing, Vicki insists on using the stairs no matter how tall the building.

6400:
Colby may be a little inexperienced but he catches on quickly.

7520:
Grunther has shown a strong interest in heavy weapons and night sorties.

8640:
In order to improve his relationship with commanders, Ivan has enrolled in an "English as a second language" course.

9760:
Gontarski refuses to submit to urine testing.

10880:
Igor and Ivan are already being referred to as the Russian "I-Team."

12000:
The Shadow brings his own camouflage supplies and wishes to make it known up-front that he doesn't share.

13120:
Don't be thrown by Red's frantic ravings; the situation is rarely as dire as he believes.

14240:
One of his former CO's described him as "too dangerous even for military service."

15360:
Fidel hasn't quite been himself lately.

16480:
Guzzman has recently spent a lot of time on the firing range and it has paid off handsomely.

18720:
Our medical staff has recently cleared heavy weapons specialist Tarballs for full active duty.

20960:
Ice's patience and friendly demeanor make him an ideal instructor. His choice of weapon is an automatic.

22080:
Spider owes her nickname to an older brother who loved to torment her.

23200:
Highball has also turned his explosives hobby into a marketable skill.

24320:
Bull packs more power in his punch than anyone else currently on our roster.

25440:
Hitman has been talking about throwing in the towel and becoming a combat instructor.

26560:
Garneau was recently certified as an auto and heavy weapons specialist.

27680:
He's organized, experienced, and decisive. Raider is a natural born leader and communicator.

28800:
Raven shines during night operations.

29920:
Like his good friend Spider, Static can't stand the sight of insects.

31040:
Back in his hometown, the community-minded Anderson teaches an NRA course on the proper care and handling of automatic weapons.

32160:
The two-handed doctor has been known to be a bit of a lone wolf.

33280:
He's nicknamed Magic due to the way doors seem to magically open up in front of him.

34400:
Stephen has proven to be a fine squad leader, especially during night maneuvers.

35520:
Scully is well-known for his skills with a bladed weapon.

37760:
Dr. Q's salary is currently under review.

38880:
Edgar has a knack for getting into inaccessible places. Just make sure they aren't too small or narrow.

41120:
Trained in urban warfare, Scope is an expert markswoman and is well-versed in night operations.

42240:
When not on assignment, Sanderson instructs a Wolverine Civil Defense Unit during the evenings.

43360:
For a man who just completed his internship, he can certainly wield a mean scalpel.

44480:
Jessop is remarkably ambidextrous; she can easily fire two weapons simultaneously.

45600:
He has a problem with his fellow Russian Ivan. Because of his experiences in Tschetschenia he is choosy about his clients.

46720:
Prefers to work together with fellow Estonian Vilde who he met while stationed in East Germany.

47840:
Happy to go where ever Janno Allik goes. Both men became mercenaries after the Russian withdrawal from East Germany.

48960:
He can't stand the New Age movement. That is why he don't like Thor.

50080:
This muscleman is a weapon on legs, especially trained in Close Quarter Combat.

51200:
On a training course for automatic weapons she developed a strong dislike for Buzz Garneau.

52320:
She brought knife throwing to perfection and as a young girl could already beat her brothers, driving her mother crazy.

53440:
His mode of expression leaves a lot to be desired.

