0:
We can't even begin to list the number of battles Biff Apscott has witnessed. His experience, dedication, and willingness to part with his retirement fund have made this agency what it is today. In a private moment between warriors, Col. Leon Roachburn once said Biff is "a fearless leader of men. A man without equal."

1120:
Killing is Frankie Gordon's specialty. He's not particular about how he kills, just as long as he has fun doing it. Haywire may not be considered a marksman, but he does exhibit a certain fascination for automatic weapons and seems to handle them with ease. The same could be said for his talents with sharp knives.

2240:
Doug Milton was born and raised in the foothills of Kentucky. When he dropped out of school in the fourth grade, he worked at his father's service station pumping gas. When his sister replaced him at the garage, he was an accomplished mechanic. He's been a bit of drifter since he left the family business and now he seeks his fame as a mercenary for hire.

3360:
Razor's attention to detail and finesse with a blade saved him from being nicknamed "The Butcher." Ask him why he prefers a knife to a gun and every time he'll say, "so much noise, so little challenge!" He takes pride in his ability to carve the alphabet--or at least the vowels--into his victims before they bleed to death.

4480:
The daughter of vineyard workers, Florence Gabriel spent most of her childhood in Cognac, France before moving to Pittsburgh. After settling in the U.S., she took a job as the bookkeeper to a major gun dealer where she acquired extensive knowledge on the value of firearms. Slightly hesitant, but bright, Flo is simply priced too low to pass up.

5600:
Tim is a brilliant explosives expert who catches on quickly. When it comes to explosives though, there really isn't much room for error. Tim Hillman would probably still be enrolled in Harvard, doing graduate research in electro-magnetic fields, if it wasn't for a couple bouts of severe depression...possibly due to his constant exposure to EMF.

6720:
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.

7840:
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.

8960:
Jim Wallace is one of the few cadets ever to get a perfect score on every final exam at military college. Of course, it didn't hurt that his father wrote the school's military code of conduct. He's a master at conventional mercenary skills and a pro with automatic weaponry. Always by-the-book Cougar is highly professional, possibly M.E.R.C.'s top performer.

10080:
Tim Sutton suffers from a bad case of visual offensiveness and no one has been willing to give him a break. His bad haircut and neck tattoo have hindered this mercenary's career pursuits despite an otherwise impressive resume that includes martial arts and night ops training. His marksmanship and medical abilities are also excellent.

11200:
Aside from his sheer size, Thorton is famous for being the first prison guard to ever be dismissed from the Alabama State Correctional Department for brutality towards inmates. The precise details of this chain-gang boss' infractions remain unclear as we weren't about to ask.

12320:
As a former commando in the French Marine Corp (FMC), Gaston has played a distinguished role in many of the recent NATO and UN operations throughout this hostile world. A confident, field-proven, professional sharpshooter, Cavalier's addition to our roster is just another step in M.E.R.C.'s continuing effort to meet your mercenary needs.

13440:
Built like a tank, Lt. Horge's specialty is destroying them. Extremely skilled with heavy weapons, Stogie spent the past two years working as a independent mercenary in the Congo. He's probably one of the toughest grunts in the business, and M.E.R.C. is proud that he has chosen us as his first foray into agency representation, even if it is on a temporary trial basis.

14560:
One of our more colorful warriors, Tex Colburn has returned to the mercenary life. As a star of Japanese westerns, he played the lead role in "Much Dust, Many Bullets," and has received glowing reviews for his roles in the classic films "Attack of the Clydesdales" and "Have Honda, Will Travel." Tex is quick with a .357 in each hand, and travels with his own stage make-up.

15680:
When you need the very best, turn to Col. Biggins. His experiences in guerilla warfare in South Asia have given him a sharp aim with a rifle and unique skills with traps and explosives. Col. Biggins will gladly share his experiences, even without being asked. He just demands that servants carry the heavy gear.

800:
Biff is in charge of recruitment and personnel training for M.E.R.C. and is a silent partner in the business.

1920:
Frankie is working on improving his people skills.

3040:
Gasket lists his hobbies as "squirrel shooting and road sign collecting."

4160:
Razor Lamont has been occasionally called certifiable. And he is indeed certified--certified in killing!

5280:
Florence volunteers with illiterate adults during her spare time.

6400:
Due to acute allergies, Gumpy prefers to work in northern climates.

7520:
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.

8640:
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.

9760:
Even though he's a man with strong opinions, Cougar has the military background (and discipline) to keep them to himself.

13120:
Gaston operates best in the early hours of morning. He is also rather apt at sniping from an elevated vantage point.

14240:
Please hire Stogie. We don't want to lose him.

