0:
Biff became involved in running M.E.R.C.'s day to day operation and it payed off for him swimmingly.  He found within himself unforeseen reserves of leadership and resolve, and he is now widely appreciated as a crisis negotiator.

1120:
Frankie found a way to express his inner killer instinct by doing contracts for M.E.R.C.  He enjoys it so much that he even got pretty good at it.

2240:
Doug failed to treat his recurring memory loss, and his skills slowly degraded with time. Any potential employers should be advised to never let him work alone, as during a crisis he is as helpless as a newborn kitten.

3360:
Razor found out that the job of a designated marksman is as precise and stylish as his knifing, so he decided to give guns a shot.

4480:
Before getting hitched to some redneck in Arulco, Flo brought her old high-school classmate Ayana into organisation to take her place. A former skeet shooting champion, Ayana boasts lighting reflexes and an almost preternatural awareness at night.

5600:
Tim's work in the field of electronics and software design finally brought him some well earned recognition. 

6720:
Roachburn never really sobered up except when he was looking down the wrong end of a rifle back in Arulco.  But nothing lasts forever, and Larry still falls off the wagon from time to time.

7840:
Roachburn never really sobered up except when he was looking down the wrong end of a rifle back in Arulco.  But nothing lasts forever, and Larry still falls off the wagon from time to time.

8960:
Cougar made quite the impression on his employers during the harsh Tracona campaign, and he is now the head combat trainer here at M.E.R.C.

10080:
Tim has finally settled in despite all the ribbing about his bad haircut. In fact, his mohawk proved to be great asset on the M.E.R.C. merchandise, and he was able to use the royalties to pay for a trip to the World Karate Championships. It's too bad they disqualified him for biting off somebody's ear.

11200:
Morgan likes to talk.  A lot.  About guns.  Morgan likes guns.  A lot.  He'll tell you exactly how much.  Again.  And again.  And maybe again.  The worst part about all of this is, he's actually pretty good with them.  Now if only he'd just shut the heck up!

12320:
As a former commando in the French Marine Corp (FMC), Gaston has played a distinguished role in many of the recent NATO and UN operations throughout this hostile world. A confident, field-proven, professional sharpshooter, Cavalier's addition to our roster is just another step in M.E.R.C.'s continuing effort to meet your mercenary needs.

13440:
Built like a tank, Lt. Horge's specialty is destroying them. Extremely skilled with heavy weapons, Stogie spent the past two years working as a independent mercenary in the Congo. He's probably one of the toughest grunts in the business, and M.E.R.C. is proud that he has chosen us as his first foray into agency representation, even if it is on a temporary trial basis.

14560:
After getting stranded on a bad freelance mission in Alrulco, Igmus Palkov has decided to let M.E.R.C. represent him.  This skilled and experienced operator would be a welcome asset on any team.

15680:
When you need the very best, turn to Col. Biggins. His experiences in guerilla warfare in South Asia have given him a sharp aim with a rifle and unique skills with traps and explosives. Col. Biggins will gladly share his experiences, even without being asked. He just demands that servants carry the heavy gear.

800:
Biff is in charge of recruitment and personnel training here at M.E.R.C.  And yes, he did write that blurb above himself.

1920:
Frankie is STILL working on his people skills.

3040:
Gasket will happily work for just a warm meal and a bed.

4160:
Razor only works well with sniper rifles.

5280:
Her CV also boasts a hefty sum under salary.  Best of all, she's French!

6400:
He prefers the climate control of an office to the scorched earth of a battlefield.

7520:
His medical skills are decent, if you're willing to trust him around the medicinal alcohol.

8640:
His medical skills are decent, if you're willing to trust him around the medicinal alcohol.

9760:
Cougar's patience with some of his students is running out.  Best snap him up before he snaps someone's neck.

12000:
Actually, we find Morgan a little insufferable here at the M.E.R.C. offices.  Please hire him, for our sake!

13120:
Gaston operates best in the early hours of morning. He is also rather apt at sniping from an elevated vantage point.

14240:
Please hire Stogie. We don't want to lose him.

