0:
Calisto International Airport. If you like 'em big, this is the airport for you. Danubia's second largest. Freight terminal is one sector East.

480:
Let's hit the bars, guys, there's lots of gossip there. Did you read the latest papers?. Some lunatic called Postie escaped from the nut house last week. Sheesh, I'd hate to meet him!

960:
The Crepaton plant is here. You can satisfy all of your pharmaceutical needs in these one-stop pill-pop paradises.

1440:
Here they have a movie theatre, a police station, a subway, and my favorite, shopping therapy... Yay!

1920:
The Crepaton Corporation runs these greenhouses. Grow all sorts of exotic plants used in their drugs, here.

2400:
Welcome to Troy, home of the Crepaton Regional Headquarters.  They train new staff here, and have a supply depot as well. Might be our lucky day to arrive on payday, hehe...

2880:
Rumor has it that anyone who stands up to Crepaton mysteriously vanishes after being sent here for 're-education' or a course in 'political correctness'.  

3360:
Lots of little green pills get churned out by the thousands at this Crepaton production plant. This is where it all happens. You should talk to the plant manager, Matt.

3840:
Danubia might be in the running for a world cup... some day. Brewster was recently hired as manager of the Danubia Bloodcats. Funny name for a soccer team, but hey.

4320:
Danubia?s largest hospital is here in Galileo. It's where to go when you are actually seeking medical attention, not just playing doctors and nurses... hehe.

4800:
Some dingy area, hey! This is the shame of Danubia: warehouses, factories, smog. Pollution emission standards? The higher the bribe, the lower the standard. You know the story.

5280:
If you're looking for more heads, talk to Arthur Bailey, known as Shady. His basement office is near the subway. Runs a mercs and bodyguards for hire outfit.

5760:
Port Kip. The shopping is not as good as in Troy, but they have a gas station if you want to fillerup.

6240:
The river port is here, and you can find Tony the weapons trader somewhere in town. There's a Bobby Ray's gunshop here as well.

6720:
Danubia National News is printed here. Pick yourself up a copy if you're into the latest scandals. Randolph Hearse, the editor, is Danubia's tabloid media baron.

7200:
In this part of Sheraton you will find the rebel agent Yanni. He's around here somewhere, never far from a source of caffeine.

7680:
Here stands the largest church in Danubia. Magnificent, eh?  Who's for confession? I confess to... Errrr... You wouldn't want to know my secrets.

8160:
There's some great shopping in this beach town!

8640:
General Marcos' girlfriend lives here, no doubt because of the high-end shopping. You might get lucky and run across... or over... hehe... the General, with some luck.  

9120:
Danubia's University is located here in Drake. I heard many students skip class and go to the movie theatre instead.

9600:
Homes of the rich and richer.  If you can't afford to live here, you can get a room at the motel and hang with the wealthy.

10080:
Gotham, cute name. Guy called Jake sells black market gas on the side. Heard his friend Reuban was locked away for carving up his family with a hedgetrimmer. Gruesome, hey.

10560:
Welcome to Roxx, home of a remote military base. There's a large prison to the North if you are interested. Baddies behind bars on a huge scale.  

11040:
Don't expect to find any swimming pools here, Rudesa is experiencing a long, severe drought. Yuk, it's so dry and boring here... Well, the casino's not boring.

11520:
A merc's shopping heaven! A pharmacy, hardware store, Franz Hinkle electronics, and, of course, the hugest casino and drinky-poos paradise imaginable!

12000:
Welcome to Adrian, capital of Danubia. There's a ferry terminal in sector P5. You can take the boat to a large island Southeast of town from there.

12480:
Danubia's royal Palace. Good place to start looking for Queen Brenda and her cronies. Aren't we supposed to deliver the MOC list to Agent X? So where's he hanging out at?

12960:
This military depot has a SAM site. After it's neutralized, Goose will have access to the Island.  The Danubian military headquarters is directly North of this sector.

13440:
Danubia?s main international airport. Impressive, hey?  There's a helicopter service operating from behind the terminal to an island park located Southwest of Adrian.

13920:
The largest and most modern city in Danubia, Adrian is home to Crepaton Industries Amalgamated, fancy offices, Police headquarters, a subway and yes, more shopping!

14400:
Yes, Adrian is one fancy town. Of course we all know Crepaton is the real power behind the throne. Brenda is just the gal dangling on the end of their strings.

14880:
Prax mental hospital. A guy named Dr. Lecter runs it. Heard nasty rumors they use patients as guinea pigs for Crepaton's new drugs. Hey... There's Reuban, he's a friend of Jake, in Gotham.

15360:
A pilot's worst nightmare. There's a SAM site here. Lets get this outta the way so Goose can use the surrounding airspace.

15840:
Heads up, another SAM site! This one covers the Northern zone.

16320:
No fly zone, another SAM site. Clear this and the airspace over central Danubia is ours.

