0:
We can't even begin to list the number of battles Biff Apscott has witnessed. His experience, dedication, and willingness to part with his retirement fund have made this agency what it is today. In a private moment between warriors, Col. Leon Roachburn once said Biff is "a fearless leader of men. A man without equal."

1120:
Killing is Frankie Gordon's specialty. He's not particular about how he kills, just as long as he has fun doing it. Haywire may not be considered a marksman, but he does exhibit a certain fascination for automatic weapons and seems to handle them with ease. The same could be said for his talents with sharp knives.

2240:
Doug Milton was born and raised in the foothills of Kentucky. When he dropped out of school in the fourth grade, he worked at his father's service station pumping gas. When his sister replaced him at the garage, he was an accomplished mechanic. He's been a bit of drifter since he left the family business and now he seeks his fame as a mercenary for hire.

3360:
Razor's attention to detail and finesse with a blade saved him from being nicknamed "The Butcher." Ask him why he prefers a knife to a gun and every time he'll say, "so much noise, so little challenge!" He takes pride in his ability to carve the alphabet--or at least the vowels--into his victims before they bleed to death.

4480:
The daughter of vineyard workers, Florence Gabriel spent most of her childhood in Cognac, France before moving to Pittsburgh. After settling in the U.S., she took a job as the bookkeeper to a major gun dealer where she acquired extensive knowledge on the value of firearms. Slightly hesitant, but bright, Flo is simply priced too low to pass up.

5600:
Jungle war or close combat, Blood Hanson is the  right man for the job. Trained in the arts of combat technique, his weapon is the knife, which he projects with deadly accuracy into the neck of any enemy.  Previous member of the African National Congress

6720:
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.

7840:
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.

8960:
Hitman?s carefree manner and his powerfully built and imposing presence  make him a very likable personality. We are sure that despite  certain past health problems, he again has his life under control We are therefore very happy about him joining our ranks. A change of scenery can sometimes work wonders!

10080:
Do not be deceived by his blue eyes and boyish appearance. Rothman does his duty, never mind how precarious the situation turns out to be. As a mercenary and security adviser to the diamond industry he protected the richest mines from thieving locals, rebels and the competition.  South America has again become a rougher place in his absence.

11200:
This previous member of the British ?Special Air Service (SAS)" has at last found her way to our excellent mercenary agency. We are sure she will never regret the decision.

12320:
As a former commando in the French Marine Corp (FMC), Gaston has played a distinguished role in many of the recent NATO and UN operations throughout this hostile world. A confident, field-proven, professional sharpshooter, Cavalier's addition to our roster is just another step in M.E.R.C.'s continuing effort to meet your mercenary needs.

13440:
Built like a tank, Lt. Horge's specialty is destroying them. Extremely skilled with heavy weapons, Stogie spent the past two years working as a independent mercenary in the Congo. He's probably one of the toughest grunts in the business, and M.E.R.C. is proud that he has chosen us as his first foray into agency representation, even if it is on a temporary trial basis.

14560:
One of our more colorful warriors, Tex Colburn has returned to the mercenary life. As a star of Japanese westerns, he played the lead role in "Much Dust, Many Bullets," and has received glowing reviews for his roles in the classic films "Attack of the Clydesdales" and "Have Honda, Will Travel." Tex is quick with a .357 in each hand, and travels with his own stage make-up.

15680:
Jim Wallace is one of the few cadets ever to get a perfect score on every final exam at military college. Of course, it didn't hurt that his father wrote the school's military code of conduct. He's a master at conventional mercenary skills and a pro with automatic weaponry. Always by-the-book Cougar is highly professional, possibly M.E.R.C.'s top performer.

800:
Biff is in charge of recruitment and personnel training for M.E.R.C. and is a silent partner in the business.

1920:
Frankie is working on improving his people skills.

3040:
Gasket lists his hobbies as "squirrel shooting and road sign collecting."

4160:
Razor Lamont has been occasionally called certifiable. And he is indeed certified--certified in killing!

5280:
Florence volunteers with illiterate adults during her spare time.

7520:
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.

8640:
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.

10880:
Stephan has proven to be an excellent leader of troops  especially during night manoeuvres.

12000:
Scope is an exceptional markswoman  with a lot of experience in night operations.

13120:
Gaston operates best in the early hours of morning. He is also rather apt at sniping from an elevated vantage point.

14240:
Please hire Stogie. We don't want to lose him.

16480:
Even though he's a man with strong opinions, Cougar has the military background (and discipline) to keep them to himself.

