0:
What do you want?

480:
You again.

960:
Ah... Should have never married that woman. Damn baby factory. Every time I turned around she was poppin' one out.

1440:
Kinda like her workin' at the prison, ya know. Lets her get rid of her, uh, natural aggression. Haha, woman's got plenty of it.

1920:
Whatcha want me to do with that?

2400:
Kids been drivin' me nuts. But, hey, heh, sure beats workin' for a living.

2880:
You don't know my wife, do ya? Cause if ya did, ya'd know that threatening and screaming be like normal conversation for me.

3360:
And get my ass shot off, you gotta be kiddin'.

3840:
I-I'm hurtin' too much to talk.

4320:
Ain't got time to spare right now.

4800:
Sure, but there better be no strings attached.

5280:
What's YOUR problem, buddy?

5760:
Heck of a fire fight happening out there. How about you deal with that first?

6240:
Maybe it's not what you want, but what I do that matters. Listen up. I have had it with that broad. You know my wife? She's the warden over at the prison, and I tell ya, the world's about to come down on her head.

6720:
Now, it ain't no secret that you're gonna be a part of that. Well, I ain't gonna be here when everything hits the fan! I'll be honest, the marriage was a "put up and put out" deal for dollars. Yeah, it was fine for a while.

7200:
Then, everytime I turn around, she's pinching another kid, and what does she care? I gotta look after them all. We have one more, man, and I am drownin' it. I'm telling ya, it's as simple as that.

7680:
Get this! My wife? She's home for ONE SINGLE HOUR a day, for dinner. Which, I might add, I get to cook. She strolls in at 5 and bitches if it ain't on the table. Man, I am not her goddamn slave. Then, back to work she goes.

8160:
Figured the way you're looking at me, ya kinda plan to nail her yourself. Well, don't be thinking I'm gonna stand in your way. I got a fair chunk of insurance on the broad. Why, I'll even give you the layout of the prison...

8640:
Now, getting to her through the front entrance is like swimming through a school of piranhas, what with all the damn guards. But, in her office, she's got these tear gas switches. I tell ya, she's a sick broad.

9120:
Anyway, the one on the left warns the guards that she's about to let loose with the juice. The one on the right sprays it out. So, no warning, no gas masks. Figure you can puzzle the rest out.

9600:
Might find this useful. You see the path right outside our door? Well, it'll lead you right to her office. Shouldn't be hard to follow. It's got about as much movement as she does when she's on her back.

10080:
But I'll tell ya, she has got the hearing of a hawk. I could never sneak by her in the middle of the night. Like I mentioned, she's home for dinner at 5. Kids get a strict 5 minutes of quality time each. I get 3.

10560:
You know what? I don't feel like dancing around it anymore. You looking for my wife? Well, here's the key to her office. But watch out. That broad's like a cobra. And your timing isn't very good either.

11040:
Buddy, you did me the biggest favor in the world, there's absolutely no need to threaten me. I adore you.

11520:
As soon as this war is over, I think I'm gonna look into getting a pro sports franchise in Arulco. Thinking football...the Arulco Bloodcats. And free beer at every game with the purchase of a seat.

12000:
Oh... What am I saying here? You must be part of the group who whacked  my wife, the warden. Let me shake your hand. I can't tell you how many times I thought of doing it myself. Never met a meaner broad in my life.

12480:
Woman kept having children and making me stay home with them. Spent all of an hour a day with 'em, she did. Good riddance, I say. She won't be missed.

