0:
We can't even begin to list the number of battles Biff Apscott has witnessed. His experience, dedication, and willingness to part with his retirement fund have made this agency what it is today. In a private moment between warriors, Col. Leon Roachburn once said Biff is "a fearless leader of men. A man without equal."

1120:
Killing is Frankie Gordon's specialty. He's not particular about how he kills, just as long as he has fun doing it. Haywire may not be considered a marksman, but he does exhibit a certain fascination for automatic weapons and seems to handle them with ease. The same could be said for his talents with sharp knives.

2240:
Doug Milton was born and raised in the foothills of Kentucky. When he dropped out of school in the fourth grade, he worked at his father's service station pumping gas. When his sister replaced him at the garage, he was an accomplished mechanic. He's been a bit of drifter since he left the family business and now he seeks his fame as a mercenary for hire.

3360:
Razor's attention to detail and finesse with a blade saved him from being nicknamed "The Butcher." Ask him why he prefers a knife to a gun and every time he'll say, "so much noise, so little challenge!" He takes pride in his ability to carve the alphabet--or at least the vowels--into his victims before they bleed to death.

4480:
The daughter of vineyard workers, Florence Gabriel spent most of her childhood in Cognac, France before moving to Pittsburgh. After settling in the U.S., she took a job as the bookkeeper to a major gun dealer where she acquired extensive knowledge on the value of firearms. Slightly hesitant, but bright, Flo is simply priced too low to pass up.

5600:
Tim is a brilliant explosives expert who catches on quickly. When it comes to explosives though, there really isn't much room for error. Tim Hillman would probably still be enrolled in Harvard, doing graduate research in electro-magnetic fields, if it wasn't for a couple bouts of severe depression...possibly due to his constant exposure to EMF.

6720:
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.

7840:
There's no denying that Larry has had his share of substance abuse problems in the past and despite many attempts at rehabilitation, the demons remain. Roachburn has recently spent six months at an exclusive and classy rehab center undergoing intensive treatment. Having successfully completed the program, he proclaims himself cured and ready for duty.

8960:
Jim Wallace is one of the few cadets ever to get a perfect score on every final exam at military college. Of course, it didn't hurt that his father wrote the school's military code of conduct. He's a master at conventional mercenary skills and a pro with automatic weaponry. Always by-the-book Cougar is highly professional, possibly M.E.R.C.'s top performer.

10080:
Tim Sutton suffers from a bad case of visual offensiveness and no one has been willing to give him a break. His bad haircut and neck tattoo have hindered this mercenary's career pursuits despite an otherwise impressive resume that includes martial arts and night ops training. His marksmanship and medical abilities are also excellent.

11200:
Aside from his sheer size, Thorton is famous for being the first prison guard to ever be dismissed from the Alabama State Correctional Department for brutality towards inmates. The precise details of this chain-gang boss' infractions remain unclear as we weren't about to ask.

12320:
As a former commando in the French Marine Corp (FMC), Gaston has played a distinguished role in many of the recent NATO and UN operations throughout this hostile world. A confident, field-proven, professional sharpshooter, Cavalier's addition to our roster is just another step in M.E.R.C.'s continuing effort to meet your mercenary needs.

13440:
Built like a tank, Lt. Horge's specialty is destroying them. Extremely skilled with heavy weapons, Stogie spent the past two years working as a independent mercenary in the Congo. He's probably one of the toughest grunts in the business, and M.E.R.C. is proud that he has chosen us as his first foray into agency representation, even if it is on a temporary trial basis.

16800:
A disgruntled, civil servant, Jack Durham got out of the postal office just before he flipped out. With the help of his therapist and a strong union, "Postie" joined M.E.R.C. allowing him to vent his frustrations and earn some serious cash while doing so.

17920:
On infinite probation, "Unusually Ruthless" Reuban is best described by his nickname. He's called "Ruthless", because he wiped out his entire family with a cordless hedge trimmer, and "Unusually Ruthless", because he recharged the appliance twice before he was finished!

19040:
The "loose-lipped" legend is once again amongst the rank and file of M.E.R.C.. Back from a brief retirement, the Colonel returns determined to amend for the disgrace, he claims, his children have bestowed upon the family name as mercenaries.

20160:
In 1964 the U.S. formed the top secret Studies and Observations group (SOG), to coordinate clandestine activity in Vietnam. Spooky is skilled in a variety of roles; including psychological warfare and infiltration. Like all SOG teams, Spooky was trained to avoid contact but is very well versed in combat, it is estimated that for every SOG soldier killed there were 150 enemy casualties.

21280:
The youngest child and only daughter of the legendary Colonel Leon Roachburn, Megan Roachburn has decided, like her brothers Gary and Larry, to join the family business and work for M.E.R.C.. Despite a strong desire and extensive training, "Sparky" is unable to swim.

22400:
As a relatively new recruit, Mary Beth Wilkens desperately wants the chance to prove herself. While her stats may appear weak, Wilkens is a quick learner with some medical experience and a gung ho attitude. She also has no qualms about ratting on fellow team members.

23520:
A member in good standing, Samuel Garver rose from the hardships of the deep South to gain a renowned and illustrious reputation as one of the most sought after and experienced soldiers for hire. For a man of his years, his health remains remarkable.

24640:
As a supposed member of the clergy and as a member of a certain other mercenary organization, the Reverend Clyde Potter has toted superior firepower and carried the burden of sinners for over twelve years. Due to some differences of opinion he decided to find a new employer, and now we're proud to welcome him in our ranks.

25760:
A long-time mercenary, Ed Stockwell's loyalties have always been strongly influenced by the signature on his paycheck. As a jack-of-all-trades and master of most, Ears Stockwell offers versatility at an affordable price and a commitment to tell you all he hears.

26880:
Elroy B. Tolken was one of the key men inside the Watergate hotel when Gordon and company were discovered. After serving his time, the longest of those sentenced, he joined the mercenary ranks, and has since plied his trade without legal consequences.

28000:
Once he was the apple of every child's eye, wooed by public broadcasting companies around the world, available at fine retailers everywhere. Today, the costume is gone, and all that remains are the memories and a voice that no one can take seriously.

29120:
As his nickname suggests, Herman Regents is by no stretch of the imagination one of our most agile members. He is, however, one of the swiftest... He has seen plenty of action in North Africa, and was also a decorated officer on a major metropolitan police force.

30240:
In the short span of time Hurl E. Cutter has been with the organization, he has become a familiar sight to our medical staff and a great source of insider information. Though perfectly healthy, this chatty mercenary just can't seem to keep his lips shut.

31360:
Straight from Saint Michael's Hospital for criminally insane, Bruce Bonner has skirted the edge of reality and toyed with demonic fantasy since childhood. There exists a serious difference in opinion as to whether he should remain within the organization. However, qualified explosives experts remain hard to find.

32480:
"Mouthpiece" is a fitting title for wee Willy Augustin, a personality trait that he excels at like no other. Weasel, mercenary with over five years of practice, has just been enlisted in M.E.R.C. ranks, and besides some serious fisticuffs with Ears Stockwell, his history within the organization remains uneventful.

33600:
A once-heralded professional wrestler, Carl Goodman is a recent addition to M.E.R.C.. He is often referred to by those who knew him during his ring days as "It", because of his size and manner. However, those who have seen him in water call him "Rock".

34720:
Doctor Bernie Gloveless has been responsible for treating the wounded and administering the annual physical of a certain other mercenary organization members for more than five years. Both his operating and examining techniques have become... well... timeless!

35840:
As one of the oldest fighting men alive, Murray McGillicutty's cock-and-bull stories about prehistoric warfare and and his ability to cheat death are mystical among the younger members of our organization.

36960:
Under evaluation for possible eye problems, Walter Yuntz has been with M.E.R.C. long enough to show substantial improvement in his markmanship, but it hasn't happened. For the time being, we suggest he'd be used for his competence in other fields.

38080:
Doctor Eli Summers has been a devoted mercenary for several years. Though a poor shot, with no hope of improvement, he has hung in during some of the most devastating assignments, only to sign up for another with little hesitation.

39200:
Lance Fisher joined the mercenary trade after a short stint with the Indiana National Guard and an even shorter stint, a weekend, in Grenada. Altough he's currently a highly regarded instructor of ethics and tactical withdrawal at Westpoint Military Academy, we've managed to bring him to our roster with the help of another veteran, Lance's brother in arms, Biff Apscott. 

40320:
Born to parents of Jamaican and Scottish ancestry, Dr. Raffitto Leevon has attempted to care for the casualties of war during countless conflicts. While his standing within the medical profession remains sketchy, we believe an amount of mercenaries brought back from death's door should be the best testament of his extensive knowledge and exceptional surgical skills.

41440:
As a part-time member, Wink Dickerson, a former major league pitcher, has used his natural talents to his employers' advantage for years. Though still plagued by just slightly subpar target sense, he is by all accounts a gamer waiting for the right opportunity.

42560:
M.E.R.C. founder, the living legend, a man who once dropped on Metavira with nothing but a screwdriver and a pair of pliers, managed to fight his way through the jungle and single-handedly finish off treacherous Lucas Santino, and who later, despite struggling with incompetence and corruption within A.I.M., brought down an entire DFK to its knees, is back on duty!

43680:
John Kulba, the Commando of Cleveland, Ohio - Grunt from the Great Lakes. Once a sharpshooter (in the reserves) and a commander (in the neighborhood watch), following his wife Mary's, he decided to live out his long dream of becoming a soldier of fortune.

44800:
Elio was one of the key figures during the Metaviran campaign. As a native guide he led forces of mercenaries through the swamps, forests and deserts, while under the enemy fire. Countless men owe him their lives, as he saved them from the nature's most dangerous predator - carnivorous eels infestating the island.

45920:
Another Metaviran veteran, Juan, earned his reputation as a man able to maintain weapons and equipment in hard conditions of hostile local environment, keeping rust, water and dirt at bay with ease. Some survivors of the conflict say his mechanical skills are almost equal to those of legendary Speck T. Kline himself.

47040:
Wahan, a Metaviran native, was responsbile for keeping the soldiers' spirits up throughout the conflict. He's an experienced healer of both soul and body, even if he lacks a formal medical education and his treatments are highly unorthodox.

800:
Biff is in charge of recruitment and personnel training for M.E.R.C. and is a silent partner in the business.

1920:
Frankie is working on improving his people skills.

3040:
Gasket lists his hobbies as "squirrel shooting and road sign collecting."

4160:
Razor Lamont has been occasionally called certifiable. And he is indeed certified--certified in killing!

5280:
Florence volunteers with illiterate adults during her spare time.

6400:
Due to acute allergies, Gumpy prefers to work in northern climates.

7520:
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.

8640:
Larry spent most of his spare time in rehab studying pharmacology which has tremendously improved his medical knowledge.

9760:
Even though he's a man with strong opinions, Cougar has the military background (and discipline) to keep them to himself.

13120:
Gaston operates best in the early hours of morning. He is also rather apt at sniping from an elevated vantage point.

14240:
Please hire Stogie. We don't want to lose him.

19840:
A natural born leader with combat experience.

20960:
Unemployed after 'Nam, Spooky became a soldier for hire.

24320:
Though his skills does not get better in battles.

25440:
If you can handle the "Voice of God" within shouting distance, then the price is a sin.

27680:
Elroy is an unrivaled master of infiltration.

36640:
When not on assignement, Pops manages a web-based Funeral Salon specializing in respectful internment of mercenaries.

38880:
Dr. Summers is deadly with a three-iron, and is currently entertaining the possibility of joining the Senior's Tour.

40000:
His latest bestseller, "Beating a path to safety without screaming", is available at most military college bookstores.

41120:
When he's not saving lives, Dr. Leevon pursues musical career as his alter ego, Dr. Raffiman, and his Cajun-funk band, Rotis and Haggis.

42240:
He's well-known primarily for his incredibly strong throwing arm.

43360:
He has yet to retake some of physicals, and marksmanship tests, as his scores are obviously out-of-date (and severely understated).

44480:
He specifically asks for assignments in Arulco.

45600:
Skillfulness with which he's slices up his enemies can be only compared with our own proficiency at slicing down prices.

46720:
Hiring Juan is just an another step in the struggle to provide our benefactors with an economic, yet able personnel.

