0:
Hey there. Don't recall I've ever met ya before. Matt Duncan, Head Miner.

480:
Say, I was just thinking about ya.

960:
I hope you ain't getting a bad feeling about Arulco. I mean, when it's all over, you might want to consider a vacation here. It's nice.

1440:
Hey, I just keep myself concerned with everything under the ground. What happens above the grass line, I'll leave in your hands.

1920:
Got everything I need.

2400:
Let me put it this way, you can't blame a whole country for the cruelty of its dictator. It's sad, but I got a feeling change is coming soon.

2880:
C'mon, take it easy. There's nothing so important you got to yell about it.

3360:
No thanks. I got a lot of men to look after here.

3840:
Lord! This hurts something awful...

4320:
I won't hold you up. Suppose you got lots to be doing.

4800:
You're good people. Thanks.

5280:
I trusted you!

5760:
Looks like my mine falls on your side of the fence now. Can't say I'm unhappy about that. Be more than a pleasure to hand over every last dime I can squeeze out of that hole, if it will help put the Queen in her grave.

6240:
I'll see how many of the workers are willing to join me. Convincing them won't be easy, of course. Alma's a military town. The townspeople have earned their livelihood off the academy for years.

6720:
Don't get me wrong, they hate the army. They'd love to see them wiped out. But they're terrified, and it ain't because a stranger comes down here that they're going to forget where they live.

7200:
You'll have to convince them with your actions that you're serious. Once they're confident, they'll back you. Understand, however, that if the mine falls back into the Queen's hands, they'll go back to work for her.

7680:
There is something you can do to rally the workers and make me a friend for life at the same time. You can get my brother's ass the hell out of that prison in Tixa. He has no business being there!

8160:
Of course, busting my brother, Dynamo, out of Tixa has already given this town something to get excited about. He's a popular guy in these parts. I want to thank you. You and I are gonna get along just fine.

8640:
We got a serious problem down below the mines. Some sort of prehistoric bugs or something. Not sure what they are, but they eat people, and I ain't letting anyone work down there 'til they're gone.

9120:
I was wondering when I'd see you again. Suffered a setback, huh? Well... you're back in control now. I want you to know that we all prefer working for you by a long shot. Hopefully this time, it'll stay that way.

9600:
It's a little wild around here to be having a chat, don't you think?

10080:
I don't know why you guys came down here to help us, but I'm sure glad you did. You're doing one hell of a job!

10560:
Wanted to let you know that we're running on full steam. Never saw my crew more determined about their work.

11040:
I'm having a problem getting men to work. Army buttered their bread for so long, they figure it's only a question of time before you desert us, and things go back to the way they've always been.

11520:
The army killed his kid right in front of him, then raped his wife... All because he missed a meeting or something. Greg's doing time in that hell-hole for nothing.

12000:
He's quite popular with the guys around here. They call him Dynamo. You get him out, you'll be giving them a sign that you can pretty much do anything. Be a real boost to this town, not to mention me, personally.

12480:
Heard word that you got my brother out. Good work, man. Everyone around here is pretty impressed by your efforts... Now, you got a free cell to put that Queen bitch in, once you get a hold of her.

12960:
Pretty disappointed to hear about the passing of my brother. It's sad to say, but his fate was pretty much decided that night the army barged into house and destroyed his life. I'm gonna miss him.

13440:
Man, is it ever good to see ya, Greg. Looks like you been to hell and back.

13920:
So, you joined up... Gonna say hello to Deidranna for the both of us, I hope.

14400:
Man, if you're gonna give handouts, I'd rather you find someone who needs it.

14880:
Those ancient ants are back, man. I'm keeping the mine closed 'til you do some more exterminating.

15360:
Well, thank God that's over. Mine's clear. There don't seem to be any signs of them, and most of the crew has even come back to work. Tell you what though, I hear any of them noises again, I'm coming straight up.

