0:
Well-la, well-la! If you're looking for something, I didn't take it. If ya come to find out something, I don't know it. And, lastly, if you've come to bug me, I suggest leave me be. Have I missed anything?

480:
It's good to see ya again, my friend. I was thinking about you just back a bit.

960:
You know, sometimes, the best ideas, come from not doing anything. Take my medication for instance. I haven't felt better since I stopped taking it. Doctors? It's all a money-making scam, you know.

1440:
Yeah, "Gabby," it's a funny name, I suppose. I never thought much about it. Gary, that's my real name. No one calls me that anymore. Don't know why. I could never understand why people called me Gabby. Funny, huh?

1920:
No, no. What would I possibly want with that? I'm not running an open market here.

2400:
No, no, it hasn't always been this way here. The queen, the war, the crazy army! Well-la, well-la, I had enough of that to last me a lifetime. I got my own little war going on. Just love fighting those crazy creatures.

2880:
Well-la, breathe slowly! I'm thinking you need a little vacation, some time in the sun, maybe relax a bit. Look at ya! You're practically vibrating.

3360:
Heh-heh. I've had enough hard times already! I appreciate the offer, and if you're doing it just to flatter me, well, consider me flattered. But no, I'm having way too much fun tearing the legs off those bugs.

3840:
Jesus Christmas! Can ya patch me up here?

4320:
Well, so, it's been fun, hasn't it? Like listening to ya. I learn things. But, I got things to do. You take care of yourself now.

4800:
I appreciate it, but it wouldn't be proper to just take your money. No, that would be theft, and sure as shite, they'd lock me up if they ever found me. Can't be having that...

5280:
Well, ya might be interested in this here special elixir I mixed up. Makes you one with nature, you might say. Yes, it does, and I do say it.

5760:
You relax. I got nothing better to do. You know, I could talk all day.

6240:
There was this one time, this guy was here, and... what was it? He said to me... now, damn it, I can't remember.

6720:
That's how people get ahead really, trading one thing for another. Money's fine as far as it goes, but this? It's the old time rule. Can't say I've got much use for anything, though. Not much of a material man.

7200:
Yeah, was a time when I used to buy stuff left and right. It cluttered me up though. I remember, this lady, she says to me, she says, "So, Gabby..." and, and... oh, damn it! My memory's going, I tell ya.

7680:
Well, I suppose I can take a look at it. I admit it. I'm a nosy old coot.

8160:
About the only thing I might be interested in is those big bug parts. Ya, pieces and parts... That be fine. Or blood. Crepitus blood's good, too.

8640:
Well-la, well-la! Sorry, friend. Not the least bit interested, I'm afraid. Nope, not at all...

9120:
Oo-ee! Looks like you drove over it or something. Or maybe you used a grenade to kill it? Sure like to see that. Ah, well, I might be able to give you a bit for it. Outta niceness, you understand.

9600:
Nice assortment you got here. Might save me a bit a work, getting them myself that is. You know, I'm not getting any younger, but I gotta tell you, I got a wild streak in me. Still love to hunt 'em, I do.

10080:
You wouldn't be trying to short-change me here, huh? Haven't got quite enough! I remember this one time, this guy, he says, "Gabby, I haven't got enough." And I says, "Tough." Hm. Funny, yeah, that was it.

10560:
Right on the money, you are. Like that in a person. Precision. Not too much, not too little. Just enough. Very admirable.

11040:
That's a good deal then, and you got some coming back to you, too.

11520:
Well, you keep Gabby in mind for things, you know, things. Listen, you be careful out there.

12000:
Well, it's okay, and I hope you know what you're up against. Don't stand much of a chance takin' on those Crepitus without the scent, you know. They'll eat ya alive. I hope you sleep well tonight. See you.

12480:
Well-la, don't be forgetting this!

12960:
Checked my coin jars and everything, but I can't buy another thing. Give me a while, and maybe I'll have a couple pennies to rub together.

13440:
What in tarnation is going through that head of yours?

13920:
Oh, well-la, well-la, much, much better. Yeah. Perfect. Feels great. You're a lifesaver, you are.

14400:
Don't get to see people much. Sorta like it that way, but I do miss conversing, if you know what I mean. Haven't had the chance to sit down and have a heart-to-heart in a long while.

14880:
You been down under the mines? You seen them big insects? Pretty gruesome looking things, huh? But a lot of fun to kill, let me tell ya. No better feeling than having a couple of those things breathing down your pocket.

15360:
I can tell you how to get up real close to those buggers. Got my own little secret recipe. Lets you walk amongst them like you were one of 'em. Blend it myself with blood and tissue from Crepitus parts.

15840:
Those buggers are as blind as my father. Do everything by smell. You gotta sorta watch it though, stuff wears off after a while. Always carry an extra bottle on me just to be sure.

16320:
They get pretty darn hungry if they smell humans. Mighty aggressive, too. Could sell you a couple of bottles if you're interested. I can always make more. Could even give you a couple of coins for any Crepitus parts you got.

16800:
I used to take care of the Crepitus for the Queen. Me and another fellow named Ricardo, though everyone called him Rat, used to dump dead bodies down into their lair to make sure they were well-fed.

17280:
That way, they wouldn't come to the surface looking for food or bothering the miners. Used to steal the baby larvae, too, and burn 'em to keep the population down. I hated working for her...

17760:
Been hiding out here ever since I ran off... Those creatures are quite something. Got a Queen just like us. Don't know which one of 'em is meaner... or uglier.

18240:
But it's the females you gotta watch out for. Crazy and aggressive, they are. They're the hunters and guards. And when they go into a frenzy, look out. I hate when that happens.

18720:
You can tell 'em apart by their color. Females are reddish brown, and the males are green. The really bright ones are adults. The others are adolescents. Not quite as strong, but still a good fight.

19200:
You ever find yourself in trouble, you have to get around back of 'em. The Crepitus have their life organ right at the base of their rear. You hit that, and it smarts 'em good. Real good!

19680:
So, you met Rat, and he told you about my special creature concoction that lets you walk amongst those buggers unnoticed. Make it myself, you know, from the blood and tissue of Crepitus parts.

20160:
I suppose Rat told ya, I used to work for the Queen. Didn't have much choice really. He and I used to feed the Crepitus the bodies of the dead. Queen wanted 'em well-fed, so they wouldn't leave their lair and eat her miners.

20640:
I'm not quite sure how them buggers came into being. Word was the Queen had some DNA scientists do some experiments, and then shot every last one of them when she saw what they had created.

21120:
Course, I also had a couple of people tell me that the Queen was pouring toxic waste into the mines, and she managed to create a whole new species of insect. Doubt anyone knows the real truth, except the Queen.

21600:
And she ain't likely to tell anyone.

22080:
It's every man for himself!

