7200:
In Chitzena, there be many miners. She make them work, and has a man watch them carefully. An Administrator. Someone to make certain they work like dogs in her mines. Soon they will be free.

7680:
This used to be a pride of Arulco, the Ruins of Chitzena. But no more. The people, they no longer come. They be afraid to enter our country, and I do not blame them.

8160:
The coasts of Grumm are beautiful, but the Queen and her factories pollute here. She cares nothing for people, and the land they live on. The water they fish in? It mean even less.

8640:
There be a few shops in this area, which ones are hard to tell. They come and go as the Queen's troops pass through. The people, the shops, they be trying to keep low, to stay out of danger.

9120:
The Queen's factories be nearby. When she leave power, I will shut these down forever. They spill poisons. The poor people of Grumm. What's in the air is sure to kill them before their time.

9600:
We must be cautious here. The Queen's Administrators are thought to be nearby. It is hard to tell where, this place is so filled with smoke and soot. Damn her factories!

10080:
There were once many cars in Arulco, but the Queen does not wish the people to have fuel. She keeps it for herself, her troops and the mines. Around here, there be both a gas station and a junkyard. A sign of old times.

10560:
We are on the outskirts of the Queen's Nature Center. I be certain that this is some kind of lie, some cover, but for what, I do not know. She say they study Bloodcats.

11040:
The rich of Arulco live here in Balime. They are the chosen friends of Queen Deidranna. They have prospered greatly from the misery of others.

11520:
The Queen's museum is nearby. There was a time that the treasures of Arulco were ours, every man's, to see. It be a noble goal to liberate this country and return its riches to all of the people.

12000:
The Queen's gardens are here. I am saddened that it be one of the few beautiful places left in my country. Soon, I hope, the people will celebrate our victory here.

12480:
I have waited long for this day. Soon, we be in the Queen's palace, and then, in her presence. I have seen her at my knees begging for her life during many nights of sleep. I always wake upon shooting her.

12960:
Her missiles, they be coming from this area. There must be a SAM nearby.

13440:
The Meduna airport is nearby. I have long thought of the day when our people will be able to come and go as they please, when we will be free again. She will not surrender this area lightly. We must use caution.

13920:
It is hard even now for me to trust these people, though they are my own. Surrounded by guns, tanks, soldiers, they must be insane to stay. Or maybe they are trapped like so many others.

14400:
The homes and shops here, many years ago, I recall they were proud, friendly, something you would enjoy visiting. Now, Meduna is host to the blood of this war.

14880:
I know this area very well. I long feared it would be me inside. Arulco's worst prison is here, and the warden, she live on the premises in a small house. She be a mean woman, evil enough to be Deidranna's sister..

15840:
Controlling the SAM site here would provide us an advantage.

16320:
There be a SAM site here. It be of great importance, since it covers central Arulco. Prepare to meet resistance.

